 Welcome to this audio review for the Research Report, orchestrating digital business transformation, published by Wade and colleagues in 2017. As usual, this audio review is not supposed to summarize the reading for you, or surface an audio book version, so please remember to actually dive into the original writing. But the audio review is designed to help you understand why this paper matters, what it matters most, and what you should take away when finishing the reading. This way, I hope that you will be able to engage with the reading more efficiently, while still enabling us to work with the most important insights in the live session. So why this paper? While not a classical research paper per se, the report from our colleagues at IMD down the road in Lausanne helps us appreciate that innovating digitally within a company is nothing that happens in isolation. In that, this paper builds the counterpart to previously established arguments that aspects such as digital product innovation cannot really be thought of without acknowledging the need to digitalize in the company's processes as well. The orchestra metaphor the paper builds is not only fitting to our work, but it also alerts us of the fundamental interdependencies that exist between different components of a company's business model and its operating model. As you are reading the paper, what in it matters most? The paper opens up by engaging in a discussion of digital disruption as a driving force for much of digital innovation, be it reactive or proactive in nature. But Wade and colleagues also point us towards attention in the literature that persists to date. While much attention has been dedicated to what to digitalize, in terms of product services and business models, far less attention has been spent on how to actually digitalize. And all of that, while safeguarding purpose and fit, which Wade and colleagues refer to as strategic direction. On page 6 and onwards, the authors then begin to build the orchestra metaphor I mentioned. This metaphor alerts us to the fact that there is a wide variety of things that need to be taken into account in order to successfully digitalize an organization. From selecting the music to play and deciding which sections of the orchestra are needed to a fully harmonious execution of digitalization across the various sections of the orchestra. In terms of the forma, selecting the music and deciding which sections are important, you might also realize parallels to our use of the business model canvas in the product and business model section. Carefully work through the ten sections of the organizational orchestra and understand their interplay and co-dependencies. Diving into the details and fully appreciating how the various elements of an organization depend on each other will build in you the sensitivity necessary to anticipate how changes on the side of products or business models will require complementary changes on the side of processes, or once processes are digitally enabled, what additional opportunities emerge on the side of products and business models. Wade and colleagues then discuss a few complementary issues that facilitate the work of the digital orchestra. For example, you'll find discussions of versatile performance which resonates with the perspective on individuals as key drivers of digital innovation and transformation developed in one of our other readings. At the end of the paper, the McLaren case nicely brings together the different elements of the office syncing and provides an informative illustration of their ideas, application, and practice. What should we be taking away? First, the office do a great job in regularly highlighting the key takeaways in small exhibits in the margin of every page, so please go through these to get a feeling for their flow of thinking and reasoning, as well as the key messages that they intend to send. Second, the paper delivers another case in point of the argument we previously built that digital innovation requires both a product and a process perspective to work. While focusing on the how of digital transformation, the office never lose sight of the fact that the underlying purpose and fit or strategic orientation matter in terms of safeguarding, where to invest and what to strive for.